# Text-Mining---Business-and-Tech
The report can be best treated under two headings: business insight with supporting quantitative analysis and R code. The text data is included in the last part of appendix. After working for old-fashion giants with various hierarchical layers for several years. I acknowledge that it is totally possible to compete against giant incumbents because technologies have created a window of opportunity to support new business entrants, it is called disruptive innovations which is my burning interest.
The report can be best treated under two headings: business insight with supporting quantitative analysis and R code. The text data is included in the last part of appendix.
After working for old-fashion giants with various hierarchical layers for several years, I came to San Francisco looking for new opportunities and pursuing the ‘American Dream’. I acknowledge that it is totally possible to compete against giant incumbents because technologies have created a window of opportunity to support new business entrants, it is called disruptive innovations which is my burning interest.
Business insight with quantitative analysis are structured according to the following plan: Firstly, I carry out text analytics of disruptive innovation; I use Frequency framework to find out the most relevant token. Moreover, I discover the business insight from the topics that token generates; I apply the perfect combination of sentiment analysis (‘bing’ & ‘nrc’) and word cloud to find valuable insights. Furthermore, the theory of disruptive innovation could be enriched by connecting theory with technological topics and business strategy.
Link Disruptive Innovation with Technology and Business strategy
Correlograms
Professor Clayton Christensen Michael Porter, Elon Musk
Turning now to consider the first part: concept exploration, the text document is recorded from webinars and talks of Professor Clayton M. Christensen; who is considered as the father of disruptive innovation. He first introduced the theory of disruptive innovation in 1995 (Christensen, Raynor and McDonald, 2020). The frequency analysis indicates that “job” is the most common in his talks following by “people”
and “business”.
Additionally, I carry out one more frequency analysis to deeply understand what professor Christensen means by “job”, the data is interpreted from his speech: “what is the job to be done”.
Interestingly, the result is about “hiring; milkshakes; morning and buy”. They are very usual and common vocabularies that we use daily in our conversations. It refers to a valuable business insight: “disruption” is a process that even a small company (SME) or just-founded startups with few resources are able to challenge existing incumbents. While incumbents are busy for improving product management; applying new technologies or proposing a globalization marketing plan; new entrants aim to satisfy bottom-of-the-pyramid customers; do the same job at affordable prices.
 
Let us now consider Sentiment analysis with Word Cloud, which allows us to explore a new aspect of the Disruptive Innovation concept. The ‘bing’ sentiment word cloud illustrates that disruptive innovations are not catching the best quality or level up the product’s standard. We could observe that there are more negative words than positive; especially there are “difficult, jam, s*, crisis”.
The mainstream customers of incumbents demand higher quality and better prices; it refers to “sustaining innovations”. Typical examples are the five-blade razor, all plant-based shoes and 8K 292 inch TV; which are unnecessary for the majority. Although it represents technological improvements or breakthroughs, they solve similar business problems and offer the same jobs compared to the affordable products. Disruptors; in contrast, target the customers who demand cheapness, improvement, fast and helpful. These customers are willing to adopt the new product and happily pay for lower price. “Improve, fast, helpful and innovation” are emphasized in the word cloud. The “nrc” word cloud show a link between fear sentiment and surprise sentiment; in which disruptive innovation is a the evolution of that product or service over time, the disruptive
 
products are later heralded as superior. Majority of innovation begins with small-scale experiments and insignificant resources.
Having discussed the concept of disruptive innovation through text analytics; this section addresses ways disruptive innovation interacts with business strategy and technology. For business strategy, I use unstructured data from Michael Porter’s speech, he is the creator of competitive forces. With respect to technology, the unstructured data is the speech of Elon Musk about future of technology.
  
At the first glance, both sides mention “change”; it generates a business insight that the disruptors are the one changed the game. This has been seen in the case of Apple iPhone, the product created a new market for accessing internet with mobile devices; users changed the habit that PCs are mainstream devices for going online. Regarding Business Strategy, disruptive innovation offers “products, yeah, life” to business strategy. A plausible explanation is that innovative products are simpler, more convenient, or less costly than those sold by incumbents. With regard to Future Technology, we could surprisingly see the term “data” which is our field. Data unlocks market, attracts customers and gaining affordable prices.
In conclusion, text analytics is the process offering meanings out of our written communication. The audiences can interpret patterns and topics in our data. Furthermore, our tools such as frequency, sentiment analysis, correlograms become useful for a variety of purposes and approaches in analyzing. Last but not least is the amazing usefulness of Natural Language Processing, we; as data scientists; could easily interpret the business insights from unstructured data; most of the sources of data for this report is human speech.
